README.md, before:

# Trusty-cogs
A few cogs for [Twentysix's Red-DiscordBot](https://github.com/Twentysix26/Red-DiscordBot).
To add, do `[p]cog repo add Trusty-cogs https://github.com/TrustyJAID/Trusty-cogs/`

**About Cogs**

>Tarotreading - Find your tarot reading, your life reading, or pull a random tarot card! Can also search for a card.

>Faces - Find your own Japanese style emoji face courtesy of the CIA.

>Rainbow - a cog to change the colour of a role every 2-5 minutes.

>REKT - a command to see how rekt someone is.

>Pillconvert - a cog to upload any colour pill image.

>Insult - added compliments to TwentySix's Insult Cog, there's no reason to be so hostile!

>Weather - check the current weather in many cities around the world including in Kelvin.

>Star - add a starboard channel with custom reaction's.

>Imgflip - A recreation of the meme generator from red V1 by TwentySix.

>Conversions - Currency, crypto, and stocks commands.

>Chatterbot - Teach your bot how to talk by watching conversations on servers and reply. Uses chatterbot library.

>Emojireact - Have your bot react to emojis in messages with the emoji!

>Badges - Create your own badge with from discord information. Includes templates for fake CIA, NSA, FBI, and a special "shitposting" badge.

>Tweets - A modified version of Palm's twitter cog utilising twitter streams to setup a twitter channel to post user tweets.

>Hockey - Various hockey related commands including goal updates, live game data, and player stats.

>Halo - Commands to access info from the Halo 5 and Halo Wars game information including stats.

>Hue - Ability to control Philips hue lights through discord.

>Reee - create various sized reee pepe images when someone says "reee" based on number of characters.

>Covfefe - turn any word into covfefe.

>Pillconvert - Make any coloured pill and post the image.

>Tarot - Create tarot readings based on your account or generate one at random.

>Juche - detects dates in messages and corrects to the current Juche date.

>Trustyavatar - Changing bot avatar every few minutes.

>Readyplayerone - fun commands based on the novel and movie coming soon.

>Gab - Commands to require people to supply their gab account to gain access to a server.

>Activity - cog to detect if a user has talked in a certain amount of time and if not kick them and send them an invite back to the server.

**Special cogs**

>Blockchain - a cog to download and the bitcoin blockchain for hidden files and data. Requires bitcoin RPC connection and complicated setup **don't use** unless you know what you're doing.

Any questions you can find me and TrustyBot over on https://discord.gg/wVVrqej

Invite link for TrustyBot: https://discordapp.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=268562382173765643&scope=bot

Commit message:

[README] Update readme to remove rainbow since it's not available

README.md, after:

# Trusty-cogs
A few cogs for [Twentysix's Red-DiscordBot](https://github.com/Twentysix26/Red-DiscordBot).
To add, do `[p]cog repo add Trusty-cogs https://github.com/TrustyJAID/Trusty-cogs/`

**About Cogs**

>Tarotreading - Find your tarot reading, your life reading, or pull a random tarot card! Can also search for a card.

>Faces - Find your own Japanese style emoji face courtesy of the CIA.

>REKT - a command to see how rekt someone is.

>Pillconvert - a cog to upload any colour pill image.

>Insult - added compliments to TwentySix's Insult Cog, there's no reason to be so hostile!

>Weather - check the current weather in many cities around the world including in Kelvin.

>Star - add a starboard channel with custom reaction's.

>Imgflip - A recreation of the meme generator from red V1 by TwentySix.

>Conversions - Currency, crypto, and stocks commands.

>Chatterbot - Teach your bot how to talk by watching conversations on servers and reply. Uses chatterbot library.

>Emojireact - Have your bot react to emojis in messages with the emoji!

>Badges - Create your own badge with from discord information. Includes templates for fake CIA, NSA, FBI, and a special "shitposting" badge.

>Tweets - A modified version of Palm's twitter cog utilising twitter streams to setup a twitter channel to post user tweets.

>Hockey - Various hockey related commands including goal updates, live game data, and player stats.

>Halo - Commands to access info from the Halo 5 and Halo Wars game information including stats.

>Hue - Ability to control Philips hue lights through discord.

>Reee - create various sized reee pepe images when someone says "reee" based on number of characters.

>Covfefe - turn any word into covfefe.

>Pillconvert - Make any coloured pill and post the image.

>Tarot - Create tarot readings based on your account or generate one at random.

>Juche - detects dates in messages and corrects to the current Juche date.

>Trustyavatar - Changing bot avatar every few minutes.

>Readyplayerone - fun commands based on the novel and movie coming soon.

>Gab - Commands to require people to supply their gab account to gain access to a server.

>Activity - cog to detect if a user has talked in a certain amount of time and if not kick them and send them an invite back to the server.

>Serverwhitelist - Add a whitelist for which servers the bot can join. While the cog is loaded the bot will leave all new servers until the server ID is added to the whitelist.

**Special cogs**

>Blockchain - a cog to download and the bitcoin blockchain for hidden files and data. Requires bitcoin RPC connection and complicated setup **don't use** unless you know what you're doing.

Any questions you can find me and TrustyBot over on https://discord.gg/wVVrqej

Invite link for TrustyBot: https://discordapp.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=268562382173765643&scope=bot
